[Music]
yeah I want my money back the money that
you friend stole for me there's sixty
million dollars weird it just I'm not
the only person in the world looking
approaches eleven we need a job we need
a high paying job now we're too hot to
work anywhere in this country where we
going you're doing recon work on our
anniversary
Tezz and you are mr. Miguel Diaz what's
your name
Craig Greg let me ask you something do
you a safe deposit boxes here it's not
my nature to be mysterious but I can't
talk about it and I can't talk about why
I'd really like to play my more central
role this time around
okay I don't even understand what
happened in there what did I set it off
next time I see you I'm arresting you
that means yes well you better give if I
want it all back okay because I have a
whole nap or get out of my car
thank you how you doing you doing all
right Oh feel great for a dead man
okay good now you told me that he called
it oats until 11:00
who decided that it's a good point
you're gonna have to play a small role
on this thing small role Who am I
supposed to be well what are we stealing
[Laughter]
[Music]